README.md, before:

# Actions on Google: Developer Relations Quotes sample using Java

This sample shows an app for the Google Assistant using Actions on Google that provides the user with a random quote
from a Developer Relations Googler by fetching data via an HTTP request to an external URL.

### Setup Instructions

#### Action Configuration
1. From the [Actions on Google Console](https://console.actions.google.com/), add a new project (this will become your *Project ID*) > **Create Project** > **Skip**.
1. From the left navigation menu under **Build** > **Actions** > **Add Your First Action** > **BUILD** (this will bring you to the Dialogflow console) > Select language and time zone > **CREATE**.
1. In Dialogflow, go to **Settings** ⚙ > **Export and Import** > **Restore from zip**.
   + Follow the directions to restore from the `agent.zip` file in this repo.

#### App Engine Deployment & Webhook Configuration
When a new project is created using the Actions Console, it also creates a Google Cloud project in the background.

1. Download & install the [Google Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/)
1. Configure the gcloud CLI and set your Google Cloud project to the name of your Actions on Google Project ID, which you can find from the [Actions on Google console](https://console.actions.google.com/) under Settings ⚙
   + `gcloud init`
   + `gcloud auth application-default login`
   + `gcloud components install app-engine-java`
   + `gcloud components update`
1. Deploy to [App Engine using Gradle](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/java/using-gradle):
   + `gradle appengineDeploy` OR
   +  From within IntelliJ, open the Gradle tray and run the appEngineDeploy task.
1. Back in the [Dialogflow console](https://console.dialogflow.com), from the left navigation menu under **Fulfillment** > **Enable Webhook**, set the value of **URL** to `https://<YOUR_PROJECT_ID>.appspot.com` > **Save**.

#### Testing this Sample
1. In the [Dialogflow console](https://console.dialogflow.com), from the left navigation menu > **Integrations** > **Integration Settings** under Google Assistant > Enable **Auto-preview changes** >  **Test** to open the Actions on Google simulator.
1. Type `Talk to my test app` in the simulator, or say `OK Google, talk to my test app` to Google Assistant on a mobile device associated with your Action's account.

### References & Issues
+ Questions? Go to [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/actions-on-google), [Actions on Google G+ Developer Community](https://g.co/actionsdev), or [Support](https://developers.google.com/actions/support/).
+ For bugs, please report an issue on Github.
+ For Actions on Google [documentation](https://developers.google.com/actions/).
+ For specifics about [Gradle & the App Engine Plugin](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/java/using-gradle)
+ For details on deploying [Java apps with App Engine](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/java/quickstart)

### Make Contributions
Please read and follow the steps in the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

### License
See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

### Terms
Your use of this sample is subject to, and by using or downloading the sample files you agree to comply with, the [Google APIs Terms of Service](https://developers.google.com/terms/).

Commit message:

Replacing Skip Link
Replacing Skip Link for Conversational Card under More Options section.

README.md, after:

# Actions on Google: Developer Relations Quotes sample using Java

This sample shows an app for the Google Assistant using Actions on Google that provides the user with a random quote
from a Developer Relations Googler by fetching data via an HTTP request to an external URL.

### Setup Instructions

#### Action Configuration
1. From the [Actions on Google Console](https://console.actions.google.com/), add a new project (this will become your *Project ID*) > **Create Project** > Scroll down to the **More Options** section, and click on the **Conversational card**.
1. From the left navigation menu under **Build** > **Actions** > **Add Your First Action** > **BUILD** (this will bring you to the Dialogflow console) > Select language and time zone > **CREATE**.
1. In Dialogflow, go to **Settings** ⚙ > **Export and Import** > **Restore from zip**.
   + Follow the directions to restore from the `agent.zip` file in this repo.

#### App Engine Deployment & Webhook Configuration
When a new project is created using the Actions Console, it also creates a Google Cloud project in the background.

1. Download & install the [Google Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/)
1. Configure the gcloud CLI and set your Google Cloud project to the name of your Actions on Google Project ID, which you can find from the [Actions on Google console](https://console.actions.google.com/) under Settings ⚙
   + `gcloud init`
   + `gcloud auth application-default login`
   + `gcloud components install app-engine-java`
   + `gcloud components update`
1. Deploy to [App Engine using Gradle](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/java/using-gradle):
   + `gradle appengineDeploy` OR
   +  From within IntelliJ, open the Gradle tray and run the appEngineDeploy task.
1. Back in the [Dialogflow console](https://console.dialogflow.com), from the left navigation menu under **Fulfillment** > **Enable Webhook**, set the value of **URL** to `https://<YOUR_PROJECT_ID>.appspot.com` > **Save**.

#### Testing this Sample
1. In the [Dialogflow console](https://console.dialogflow.com), from the left navigation menu > **Integrations** > **Integration Settings** under Google Assistant > Enable **Auto-preview changes** >  **Test** to open the Actions on Google simulator.
1. Type `Talk to my test app` in the simulator, or say `OK Google, talk to my test app` to Google Assistant on a mobile device associated with your Action's account.

### References & Issues
+ Questions? Go to [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/actions-on-google), [Actions on Google G+ Developer Community](https://g.co/actionsdev), or [Support](https://developers.google.com/actions/support/).
+ For bugs, please report an issue on Github.
+ For Actions on Google [documentation](https://developers.google.com/actions/).
+ For specifics about [Gradle & the App Engine Plugin](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/java/using-gradle)
+ For details on deploying [Java apps with App Engine](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/java/quickstart)

### Make Contributions
Please read and follow the steps in the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

### License
See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

### Terms
Your use of this sample is subject to, and by using or downloading the sample files you agree to comply with, the [Google APIs Terms of Service](https://developers.google.com/terms/).
